al al al
k
[Music]
ch
B Oh
[Music]
r [Music] [
Music]
ch [Music
]
ch
[Music]
B ah
[Music] [Music] [Music] k ah [Music] [
Applause] [Music] ah
[Music]
ah [
Music] [Applause] [Music] [
Applause] [
Music] ah ah [Music] [Music
] [
Music
]
Good night Good night How are my people
here? Can you hear me? Let's see.
Confirm that you can hear me. And that you can see
well
today. I don't know how to turn on the light and make it
strong for the
show. Always here we are
from Chile, eh, I mean, lately the
live shows on this channel have been some
calm live shows. They are some live shows
that you don't see.  nobody to whom almost
nobody reacts
Okay, well look Well look Elena,
something had just come up that I didn't
know had happened in your live stream I'm
going to put it here I'm going to watch it now
hey what did you tell me what did you tell me
Elena are you messing with With what ah
with my dance with me I haven't
danced I've moved my head a little
like the little dogs and never
Better said not like the little dogs in the
car no when they're in the car it goes
Plin Plin Plin Javi Juan talked about you
Juan talked about me Juan guarnizo
talked about me okay let's see
we're going to see several things we're going to see
several things in today's live stream Okay today
I hope the live stream doesn't go too long You
know, I'd like to tell you that I'm
going to be there for an hour, hour and a half or something like that
Okay I would love to tell you that I'm going to be there for
an hour, hour and a half or something like that And yes,
I would like to make it clear that tomorrow
we're going to
do a movie here okay tomorrow we have
one of those live streams here I'm going to
announce it now so that people don't make
plans so that people I think I'm going to
meet around 10  the night to
start here the live okay tomorrow is going to
be one of those
live shows Okay we'll meet around 10
we'll meet around 10
okay Tomorrow there's going to be a series of things tomorrow there's going to be
a
series of
things tomorrow there's going to be a series
of things okay
but activate the copy put it as a member
nothing happens Let's see Look, the guy told me the
same thing yesterday and and I always say the same thing, I
mean,
the channels of the gossip buddies,
let them click however they want and let them
exploit it but oh well, let's see, except for
Gibel, which I thought
was
a
bit of an abuse apart from Gibel, which I
thought was a bit of an abuse eh let
everyone do what they want with my content
and and that they enjoy the gossip and that they
enjoy the gossip and that they get the gossip and that it is
exploited as much as possible
but tomorrow's thing is eh tomorrow's thing is
off Let's see, I don't want to sell too much
hype so that it doesn't disappoint later okay
but I think tomorrow
I think
tomorrow is going to be day it's going to be one
of
those nights I don't know if I should tell you what it's going to be about he
says if you go to the evening he'll
invite you to dinner to dinner of slaps in
the mouth that I'm going to hit him what he has to
do is donate 100 or 200
pesos here I don't know if I'm going to announce what
tomorrow's live show is going to be about What's
the topic okay but tomorrow there's going to be a
movie here or
rather magic potagia I think uh I
think according to the schedule more or less according to
the according to the testimonies that are going to come
tomorrow according to the schedule
and and how
things develop around here at night okay m there
might be a movie tomorrow there might be a movie
or it might go unnoticed we'll
see Hey maybe a live show of
this that goes unnoticed and we don't even
laugh or anything
but I think there will be I think there will be a
movie tomorrow I don't know if I'll give you a clue during
the night the truth is I don't know if I don't give you
a clue during the night okay or so if I do
n't give you  a clue during the night I'll
give it tomorrow on
Twitter okay or in the
WhatsApp group in the
WhatsApp group I don't know if it can be put there I do
n't know if I don't know if tesa can put the
group the link to the WhatsApp group
okay And tomorrow more or
less tomorrow more or less I'll announce
when it's coming okay But it could be
tomorrow a live well Uh it could be
tomorrow a live well okay another thing let's
see I went out to celebrate
Lorena's birthday and such we've been around and they
sent me this clip
Okay I only believe that there is one who
has genuinely acted towards me in
very malicious ways and that is the one with
whom I have completely cut ties
which was with Javi I feel that Javi
acted with me in very malicious ways
despite the fact that I believe that I was very well
intentioned with him the whole time and that is why he
is the only one with whom I have
completely cut ties then later a long
time later a message very really
good vibes But I refused to answer
because I find it ridiculous that for
months you dedicate yourself to provoking a
narrative because it is you who created it to
create a narrative and then talk to me
as if we were friends when in truth I
think that  he behaved very badly with me I
only believe that there is one who
has genuinely
acted
neither nor quote that Juan has lied here
about me quite
okay nor quote that Juan has lied here
about me and this is the last time that you're going to
lie about me Juan this is the last time
that you're going to lie about me okay I mean I'm
telling you super cool then we
'll see and then I'll answer this and I'll give
some clarifications but this is the
last time it's the last time it's the last
okay eh I'm very chill eh I mean I'm
in a very chill period we've been
talking about it a lot lately that
lately like it doesn't give a tone okay It's
been a long time since nobody brought out that
Javi that I
think Javi
explodes the last time someone brought him out it
was I don't know if this guy from telesalseo
or something okay but man don't make me
detonate eh don't make me detonate either don't make me
detonate either I
answer chill okay then I'm going to
answer chill but this is this is a
lie
Juan that's not how things have been and not like that okay well I'll answer later I'll answer chill but this is this is a lie Juan that's not how things have been and not like that okay okay
Okay, I would love to First, I would
love to
first, I don't know if you'll like
it, I don't know if you'll like
it, but let's see about Delox's statements, yes, I have been watching Now when I got home Uncle Sur's newscast, I have been seeing some clicks that people were posting on Twitter, okay And yesterday, it was like we were watching everything very, uh, in a very disorderly way, no. I mean, they were
sending me clips, of course, we
started, we started watching
some things while they were still
live and they were sending me clips, they didn't
send them in order, okay, maybe
some were longer and we could have
commented on them a little more No, but I'm not going to
react to the discussion again, okay,
more or less, I think Look, sincerely,
my reaction yesterday was very sincere,
okay And it's not much more, it's just that I don't see the
point in reacting again, for
example, to the summary that Uncle
Sur did, it's coming out here that he
did another summary, that of Uncle Shuri,
well, they last half an hour, more or less,
approximately each one, okay And I know that there are
quite a few statements that would have also been
important to comment on and
expand on  but why why am I
going to go around in circles okay for
me there are several things okay There are a
lot of things okay but for me the
strong headline
was apart from
delox it doesn't seem fair to me Look if
delos came here one day to
talk about the subject again okay or or
would like to talk about the subject I would prefer
because I am not no no I am not attacking
either of the two or anything then to
ask him direct questions and expose
direct things to him Maybe it would be fairer okay I do
n't know okay I've seen things that I did
n't like I saw that well
we saw that here live no that he said
that the Czu thing no that the Dallas thing that
Dalas did with the Coin meme is
worse than the Czu thing let's
see some tweet I saw
in the afternoon was already strong okay eh But anyway I'm not going to go
into it because it seems like what about No but yes if it
seems to you yes if it
seems to you okay I don't know if
any of the
protagonists will come around here again one of these days
even the cryptocurrency topic again let it
continue to be topics of
debate or whatever  okay
H I don't know okay I don't know but yes if
you like if you want okay I was watching
my friend Elena's live stream which was
while I was at
the birthday party okay I went to dinner
with Enrique the family and that okay
Pablo was there okay And I saw Pablo in
a click that they sent me I saw
Pablo a little
fired up so I would like to see the
opinion of our lawyer who you know we
share a lawyer
uh Dallas delos and I so I would
love to see a little bit What's what's
the deal And what does he think and what And how does he
react not some
things If you like okay the channel Elena
de Ortega friend of mine for many
years okay personal friend of
many years not from YouTube now
starting her YouTube channel Okay and I would
love to see see what
Pablo said about the deal okay by the
way notice to
Navigators I'm going to say it like this okay And it's not in a
bad way okay it's not in a
bad tone or anything like that I think it
's quite understandable what I'm going to
say
okay I've already said it a lot of times
okay eh  everything that is not
only me but there are more people that
everything that is defamatory like everything
that can be sued is going to be
sued always okay just like you see me
Here very chill and not exploding
trying to be diplomatic let's
call it that
no also a large part of these reasons
is because I am preferring to take issues
by The legal okay bring you the content to
work I think that gossip always
starts here okay or in one of our
channels and always from here the
gossip explodes and it is already maintained all week
on the internet but I am not going to allow it I
mean not me anymore but there are people who are not going to
allow it okay in this case because we
are talking about okay related to
Pablo they sent me some clips from a
person to whom already well we had
thought and we have thought
of saying Hey I think that maybe
you have gone a little too far with some
things okay it has been said I say it because
Hey maybe rectifying would not happen
anything okay And it would not be the first time that
that person rectifies lies or anything like that
But hey it has been said that
Dallas has lost a lawsuit with Luca
Echevarra
okay that for a  side I think not that it
is not convenient for for other things
that are coming okay Dallas has lost
a trial with Luca Echevarra it has been
said that okay And why would he have
lost it with what Luca said to him and it has
also been said that Pablo did not
show up to I don't know what trial okay this is
that it caught me when they
sent me it caught me precisely this
afternoon with Pablo on the phone Okay
then
H well we want explanations or we
want explanations or we want him to
withdraw okay or what or for him to explain and for him to
give us that news of
course when we also talk
about judicial matters maybe we have to
be a little more careful and no and
not make things up
okay [ __ ] what a thirst for prominence this
man has This for God's sake who the [ __ ] who has
put his foot in it
completely that
ccdo that ccdo
good night
Pablo damn but wait
something happened Before [ __ ] what a thirst for
prominence this man has This for
God's sake Let's see he
says unito look Javier says I have never
said nor will I say that Javi is anyone's dog she
is the  who is using the
mantra you as soon as Javi is criticized since I
'm saying that he's his dog let's see
Javier you said Javi doesn't express himself
freely because he's afraid of him
Ah personally, people who
behave So it's him the criticism
that Javi has always has you
by the balls and you don't talk about him what you
want me to tell you that's what
Javi's haters think of him and I'm telling
you that I know positively that that's not
true that Javi talks about daras what he
thinks and that's it there's no
more But I'm not angry or anything I'm
simply correcting you what I think you
're confused Pablo don't get carried away
Pablo don't get carried away that then don't
criticize Javier just one thing I
understand you I suppose at home they
listen to you and you have to let out all this
nonsense so that to express Mita noita
no no with all my love I tell you look
Javier has been having some great figures for many years
okay he's been for many
years because you can have figures one
month and have good figures one month and
these things are okay but Javier has been
many years having
spectacular figures And you only get that
when you're really good at something which I don't
know because I don't either
I mean the only thing I consume of this type is
Javier and Elena because I know them and I like them
and I laugh and that's it Okay
but I don't particularly like gossip
So I don't know exactly what is
successful in gossip And what is it that I don't what I
know is who is successful in gossip
okay And I know that there are people who come from
television with a fame that is [ __ ] I don't know what I don't
know how much and they eat
Javi's conado period I mean there's no more
so what they do they do very well
man today having dinner with Enrique Well
thanks for Thank you for your words
Pablo Hey the truth is that lately I've
also been receiving very
nice words it's quite
comforting when they tell you
nice things too from time to time Hey that
one that one is a human being and being
all day long dog they have your
balls they have threatened you no you don't
have Freedom to give your opinion you don't have I
mean eh Like for example eh Antonio
Gutirrez no that he dedicated some
incredible words to us without without without without Come
to the point, I mean, because of the face in his live broadcast
yesterday, no, what they told him Hey, this live broadcast
that has become Javi Oliveira
and he said I wish I could be like Javi Oliveira, okay,
then today Pilar too, Oh, I would love to
mention a girl, eh, she's a
little girl, Oh, Pili, if you're in the chat, please,
put her in, she also had some very nice
words for me, very pretty, no, she said
that she was very entertained with my live broadcasts
and so on, Okay, and talking to him with
Enrique before having dinner. Well, after
dinner, okay, we ate on the
street, Beti, man, it occurred to me that
next year I'm doing a [ __ ]
decade, a [ __ ] decade, eh, who the [ __ ],
who the [ __ ] would tell me a decade,
a decade, you don't
like it, man, set up your channel and do it yourself and
that way you can express yourself, eh. And you don't have to
send a 20-minute podcast, that's it,
set up your channel and we'll see if you do it
better. Oh, so it's someone who
sent a 20-
minute audio.  I don't have I don't have 20 minutes
to see that yes And if you get the slog, you
see that seeing Pablo's anger
I can already understand a little bit
no I had to say you know what's going on
with all the love eh with all the love
that I don't have here to argue among
ourselves Absurd because I suppose that
nobody's life depends on it then later
we'll see let's see if let's
focus on what this is all about come on
yeah yes center it This is about This is about
Dallas releasing a cryptocurrency not a
memec Coin well it released a memec Coin which
is a currency that has no real value and
that has no real utility it is
simply worth speculating or
hoarding period nothing more it is not useful for
anything else So by definition it is a
zero-sum game if someone wins
someone loses it means there is no more I mean
the meme Coins are that and if
someone there were people who knew let's see I
prefer to wait for the explanation that
Dallas is going to give okay before I come out
or say clearly what I think okay
I prefer to wait for the explanation that is going to
give d about that conversation no because
there were people like that  he had thrown his
hands to his head because the action Dallas
says now is that the meme coins are
speculative [ __ ] ok let's see and
people oh oh know it knows that it is
speculative [ __ ] and it's
like Well everyone knows crypto
okay but eh Let's see speculative
speculative are the speculative apartments are
speculative rents are
a lot of things of course then down below uh further
down in the conversation there are for
me two important phrases that nobody
mentions from the conversation okay which is that I
don't see the problem with making a
meme Coin as long as you are honest
in pok token or something like that Dallas called it
here in the live I don't remember
what it was like a few
warnings of Hey so much percentage of
the liquidity is going to be able to uh be used in
this and in this and in this if we
need it or rather e tokenomy or something like that are
like some terms on the website okay they
tell you Hey such and such such thing is going to be
able to be done with the liquidity such and such such and such
And it says as long as you don't make a
rpol with the people and such and such or rather
But well I'm going to  wait
and I'm going to wait for the explanations
from Dallas about that
conversation that I imagine is in the
video that he's preparing. The only thing I would
wait for m Well, I don't know
what he wants is no but I man I think I think he
should focus the video on
going point by point okay because if
the video is going to be about Willy Red I think I think it's
not going to capture the
people and people are not going to listen to
the explanation that he can give okay But
well I understand that he will have to
expose some points about Willy Red and why did he
jump in that conversation to the story of
what was about no e Well of
course the
conversation is neither about Pambi nor about
Pambi 2 that conversation is when
Dallas was thinking of making a
cryptocurrency and such okay then what
will happen next is different
okay he has enough knowledge
to open a wallet to open
a wallet Okay then I
assume that he has the minimum
knowledge to know what an
mcoin is I say I say let's see I was talking about
something with Elena this afternoon on the
phone and it's like
Elena minimizes the mistakes that may have been
made of course  okay to
ensure a profitability or this type of
Twin no
and if it comes to you I ask this
question also in the chat okay that I
was talking about it Today with Elena on the
phone while I was at the
Mercadona
[Music]
and if I come to you tomorrow Well
no me whoever okay you see it in an
ad they send you an email a youtuber
whoever okay and I say
Hey listen to me look what
this came out put your money in there that it's going
to multiply by 100 you
take it literally I
want more or less to see what you
answer me utbh also spoke very well
of you today but he has gone three towns
with Dallas let's see I think that already
with utbh and Dallas eh
outside
of outside of part of the fact that they don't like each other they have
already insulted each other utbh
had problems with Dallas e Well let's
talk about utbh later because I think
I have a clip there to see about him
okay but they already have something
personal too I think they have insulted each other on
a couple of occasions okay I send you to
hell but  I won't unfollow you but
listen to me it's not to blame the
person who falls
okay listen to me no don't take me out of
context And this is not an excuse
if someone has made a mistake at the time of
this or that okay but personally
someone comes to me and says Hey dude
let's do this I've done this let
's do you know like
super hyped [ __ ] let's see I don't
take it I mean nobody can come to you
nobody can come to you and tell you like nobody
comes to you someone and says no no
put 30 bucks here it's going to
multiply by 300 let's see but let's
see of course the first thing I would tell you is
relax relax Let's see no you don't have a
crystal ball The problem is that there will be people
who trust me and will do it
no reason why I can't recommend it like that
okay But well I also tell you I mean
no I personally if I'm going to put
something in a place money in a place let's
see the only thing that can
guarantee you a return is a
fixed term deposit no that  that is 100%
a contract that you sign And this is what there is
per year
no because Elena Maybe if you have if you
want to open a wallet you have to ask for
help okay because you don't know how it is I have no
idea of course effectively, well you
would have to ask for help So it's
normal that you don't know what an
mcoin is and that you don't invest in it now
if you invest in it it's because you have already
known a wallet that you have transferred
money to that wallet that you have done a
series of things so much so much
telling it eh this is not for fools eh
if you have to say it every 10 minutes well it is
said and let's see This is a there
was an interview in Marca
[Music]
look here this expert speaks Pambi it is not
a scam but Dallas could have
committed crimes okay I have read this article
personally for me it does not
refer to a crime it refers to an
irregularity which is different okay
Arturo Posuelo okay this this man has
given several interviews here in Marca he is
supposed to be an expert in cryptocurrencies
okay And in all the interviews this is
in Marca okay there are many people who
are taking out Marca no and it's like Look
cool this interview that you
are not releasing this interview okay In the
end what it refers to is
the way of the way
of promoting it okay the
recommendation
no that more or less what I said from
the beginning to me what does not seem
right are these t these such but then the
other okay I a scam a crime of
fraud I do not see it okay And this man has
given several
[Music]
interviews there is
the other one was from yesterday yesterday yesterday I
gave another interview But well
basically I came to say the same thing okay
basically I came to say the same thing as
man that it is not a scam that I can
see irregularities and so on
okay but that they themselves all of the
crypto world had bought
because they know what it is and that they had
bought and they had an exit point and
that the exit point was well what is
always said buy in the rumor
sell the
announcement Okay
and and basically he came to say is that I
wrote it down I think I wrote it down on my
phone man because it reminded me of what
Pablo told me now not what
Pablo said Ah now he says I do not take
an ounce of weight off the  what
Dallas has done but we're grown-ups now and we have to
know what we're getting into when we're
working With money you have to
be very careful and at the end of the day it's
our money our computer
our passwords our clips and
everyone has to find their own way
okay Javi It's not what you think it's the
fact legally you can't do that
depending on the country Why is it considered
investment advice yes but let's see if I'm not but
Hey are you really
seeing me say the opposite I said the opposite chat chat forgive me because Wait I'm speaking in Spanish no chat Those of you who have been here for a while watching the live I said the opposite that's not exactly what I said Hi Javi I'm working in a call center while I watch you live
Haha do you see it possible in a distant time a
debate between Dallas and delox
Ugh possible I already see everything damn
I was saying Exactly not that
but listen to me to see about the
recommendation okay
delos here in the debate he had I don't
remember if it was with those
mortgage guys or with who okay
eh he had also had contacts with
the CNMV  that one that gave him a tap
saying Hey you don't have to do it like that like that it ca
n't be recommended You have to
put on such and such And these are mistakes that
you correct and not you and that's it no I mean
I personally think that nobody is going to
go to jail here eh I don't know
I don't know the movie that
people are making up and all that but I
think that there could be some
fines I don't know okay but man let's see
no no I don't even think that they will give you a
fine I think it could be like the
ones who send you an email that they
hit you know how the ones taught here
no that the ones had also
recommended things saying that they were going to give you
this they were going to give you that they were going to give you such and
such And they hit him like Hey look you have to
do it like this you have to do it come on
okay That's
correct I think
eh And already because here one thing happens Look And it
is that there are
many financial advisors the financial advisor thing
is a short course eh it's a
short course that for me having a
degree in law and a master's in
business administration and management they will
give it to me tomorrow and I become an advisor
financial let me explain But this is no no it's
that only those of us who are able to advise
Yes and only those who have a food handler's license can serve drinks on a
pouf
okay And there are a
million people serving
drinks in PS and there are also
stupid waiters who say this one doesn't have a
license, let's see, idiot, the license is to go to the
health department one morning, okay, they give you a
talk, they do a fingernail analysis to see
if you have fungus and for AC and that's it
Okay then let's start from the
basis of that no of It's that you can't
recommend investments Because you are not a
financial advisor, what is it that they
blame Delox very often for and it's what they
now blame Dallas for, that is
stupidity point one point two, it's not that it
's stupid, let's see, of course,
Pablo Pablo when he talks about
stupidity it's like they're not going to put you in
jail
and it's not that it's stupid It has to be
done, obviously It has to be done,
but they're not going to take you to jail,
surely, nor fine you, okay, they're
probably going to hit you  a touch Hey
Do it right and
out I think or rather but basically
I could be wrong eh that maybe I
'm wrong in my prediction okay
but basically he was here
showing that the CNMV sent him an
email and such and such no And from
then on he has been correcting his
errors we did
not see it here live
no but man I do not think it is anything
worse than Czu's personally my eh
opinion eh Hey maybe I'm
wrong eh Look eh I have
three cases against Delo and I am not revealing
any information because
he said so and everyone knows it well I am filing
a lawsuit against the l I am filing another
lawsuit against Turbo and I am filing a
complaint that was filed against him well
okay the lawsuits against Laserland and Turbo
Plant are because they called him a
scammer Okay and because they said that what
he did was a scam Well I
have those lawsuits and they are not only
Well that is what that let's say that is the
bulk not the accusation of the crime and I
have explained this on many
occasions okay I do not care  say it
again one thing is when you use
the word colloquially the word
scam okay that in the end and at the end
surely even I have done it on
some occasion
okay [ __ ] I bought this remote control at the
Chinese okay And the Chinese told me that I
can use the computer the
display cases and the and the TV okay And now it
only works with the TV and with the
winner with the display case no [ __ ] you have
scammed me okay But when you are
making a lot of videos over
time okay And you are already charging the
criminal offense, I mean you are talking about that
there is a criminal type and that
a person can go to jail okay because you have
stolen hundreds of thousands of euros from
all of their followers and a lot of
people who have stolen them with the intention
of stealing it by deception okay em
clear during and apart Well yesterday
I was reading more or less not one of
these lawsuits it is no longer just the the
your opinion I mean these lawsuits are not
for censorship it is that there are people who are
talking about that we are censoring that we
are restricting freedom of
expression by filing lawsuits but
nevertheless they have applauded when they have
sued for saying
Oh you have ugly hair Oh you're a little
dumb and
oh you
little bastard okay so we were
commenting here on a sentence from
a youtuber that what it was for
calling him a bastard
and how he called him a bastard pig I don't know what the hell you
know what I'm saying not the
words that those people in this case
Adelo but I for example have one of the
two sued too okay And it
's pages and pages and pages of days and days and days and days and
days of some
terms Okay but not term they
drew dicks on my face they drew on me
Look you can't do that you can't do that
especially when you're
defending people who have the the the the
lowest bar of endurance
and that you thought was terrible okay or so
mm lerl for example I remember that he didn't
support nauter with the Win
michu lawsuit which I for example did
because it didn't seem to me to be a
forceful lawsuit it seemed to me that it was a
lawsuit an accumulation of like an ocean
of two years of video and it was looking for this
little word this other one  little word no no no no
and no let's go and it seemed terrible to him it's that
nauter shouldn't have said that but
now however they've filed
three lawsuits against him for terms man or rather
but terms that are I know You're going to put your
hand on your head okay of course now
delos doesn't think it's that serious now delos
thinks what Dallas told him is much more serious okay well
eh
well they are things that are not comparable Abi about
cco and dala man but so much that it
's not comparable we're talking about an
economic thing and another we're talking
about a carnal and sexual issue okay But
well the issue eh Not under any circumstances I do
not have the intention of censoring
anyone eh Not a fourth freedom of
pressure Jai promoting a
financial product or service assuring
potential investors of an
assured profit profitability is an independent scam
ha it is a scam it doesn't matter if it's
Dallas or Willy the pope or Jesus Christ not to
make a disclaimer that is not a scam
that could be an irregularity with the
CNMV this is a scam It's not that
that is not a scam that is not the
crime of fraud just like that of
llado is not a crime of fraud
either that is not a scam
read the penal code Hey
colloquially it seems like a scam to you
because you expected the currency to
go up and the currency has gone down well Okay
but it is not a
scam that is not a
scam But well we will see we will see
delos has a
trial
okay we will see I am telling you that no that
a scam is
not worth it
and what is it that I was saying that I
am not censoring anyone in fact
from here I have said it a lot of
times okay from here I have said it a
lot of times em I do
not put strike There are a lot of [ __ ]
shitty accounts that upload clips of
mine and lie in the text of the tweet and
manipulate the clip to make it seem like I am saying something else
I do not throw anything at all
the other day gibel He got 1000
bucks here at least he was almost the 7
or 6 hours of the live he was like estuk bu
the definition of fraud in the
penal code I am not defending I
am not saying that daras did well
in those tweets But that is not a scam
a scam has another series of
requirements that must be proven
in a criminal court of the country where the crime was
committed. Of course, obviously,
but well, hey, let it be that you
know more about the law than I do, perfect, eh
perfect,
eh, but what I'm telling you, I mean, I
'm not censoring anyone, but there
should always be a disclaimer indicating the
risk, that is to say, that you can win or
lose. Unfortunately, in this case, the
evidence shows that they were promoting it as
guaranteed profits, which is a
deception.
LoL So the Delos thing was a scam.
Now, suddenly, it's not a
scam. Delox sent him some emails,
the CNMV contacted him and said, Hey,
you have to correct this. You have to
do it like this. It has to be done like this. It
's not a crime of fraud, let's go, in
my opinion, eh, in my opinion. Eh, I
'm saying that it was well done,
eh. And to do that, they based themselves on what
they said in SS connection,
okay, okay. And what a certain professor
Maverik said, well, that's what they based themselves on to
say all these
barbarities, you believe, but already
ask also,
eh. Because of course, I saw Ler
Len's face when he realized that the
professor
Maverick was putting tweets that were fake and he
was taking them for granted Okay, do you
think
that, well, nothing, it was going to be a
question,
but the answer could be another, no, and
if you think that he would try to get
closer or to have the
lawsuit dropped if he were sure that he could
uh sustain that in a
game, this Professor Maverick is a
lifelong Dallas hater and he even
went so far as to not
edit Dallas tweets Okay and to post
fake tweets like Dallas had posted them
and they caught him and the serl caught him
in a live stream that I saw Okay, so
what they're accusing me of, I'm not going to talk
about it, good, bad, or average because I
can't and because he's my client, okay, and
if I considered that he's making a mistake, I'll
tell him privately,
well, what they're accusing Dallas of is
exactly the same as what
delox has been accused of and for which we have
sued people, that's why it's not
understood so much, it's as simple as that, it's
as simple as that, now what's the
deal they have with delo yas, I don't know, I've
never seen them together, I  I've
seen them separately I've been with
both of them so and so I like them both and there
are 50 members Sorry sorry sorry 50
members that hasn't appeared on screen no
a kiss
the mother who stopped you a kiss a kiss a kiss a
huge kiss and also the thing is that I like them
and they both seem like good people
and it saddens me so very very very
this situation saddens me
so much okay And also because I have
information that I can't give okay that
some people know it and that makes this
even much
sadder okay I made a video on
June 1st about the pic Coin I made a
good video explaining what the panic Coin was
And why I understood that it didn't fit into
the criminal offense of fraud or the
crime donate to Javi brones that we have
here the Poor man going to bed
late today it's because Lorena went to see a
movie I don't feel like watching a
movie and I wanted to be here
Chatting with you but today very
late very late I'm not going to leave the criminal offense of
plotting to alter the price of
things okay And I gave my reasons before
uploading  That video to the
network I passed it to Dallas Okay and I
passed it to
cryptocurrency experts okay And to the
cryptocurrency experts I said Hey, I do
n't know too much about this dude, watch this
video and tell me if I'm saying something
crazy And what these
cryptocurrency experts told me, several, several
who later changed their minds okay what they have
joined the wave what they
told me is no no what you say is
correct the only good thing that I would say was that it
had too
aggressive advertising big Pablo okay And that when he
was telling people you're going to
become a millionaire or you can't miss
it is encouraging the fomo your hevo Okay that
could be complicated that's what
several cryptocurrency experts told me
about Pambi about the video that I
made about Pambi Now we have to
throw [ __ ] at Dallas
Okay well Well we will have to throw [ __ ]
at
these
cryptocurrency experts according to Pablo
cryptocurrency experts before Pablo uploaded
the video they thought it was
good you know Hey well look at this topic of
the recommendation and such and such okay And
now suddenly well no longer it seems that
now I'm considering that
this is a scam but the
information that I have is that
point okay point also It's true
that I'm not going
to sue anyone I'm not going to file
any lawsuit on this matter because I'm
not going to file any lawsuit on
this matter because I neither want nor
can and and also I understand the gossip but I think it
has escalated in a way that it
shouldn't have escalated And what's more I think the
same I think the same what's more I told
both of them I spoke to both of them okay I spoke to
both of them and and I told both of them dude It doesn't make
much sense okay It doesn't make much
sense and now I'm saying more dude the
last time I came here to your channel I
tried to divert attention okay trying to
talk about how I didn't have coffee about how we're
going to be a Tesla about how I do I was
sleeping there about how I don't know what I said
Well let's see if they start messing
with me and it worked but it did very little they did they
start messing with me and
since I don't give a damn about anything you [ __ ]
and what a shitty
lawyer and they stop the gossip but damn the
next day boom they do a live show with
four guys and with  I don't know what And with I don't know
how many, well, he's screwed, man, there's
one of the parts Pablo It's that
yesterday, for example, he made a
comment like this: Javier said that he
never said that
Dallas was a scam. Yesterday he
literally said that it was worse than an
assault or
sexual abuse. Well, but he
said, how did he say it? No, he didn't say that
this is a scam. But he said it could be getting
closer. We saw that yesterday, not me
personally. If you're telling me that it
's worse. And now he'll tell me. It's not that they were
talking about the number of people
affected, it's like, for example, it's [ __ ]
[ __ ]. If he meant it like that, it's like, for
example, it's [ __ ] [ __ ]. Look at the
complaint they want to file against
Dallas, it's a law firm in the
Canary Islands. Yeah, one of those that's on the
street. You know there are people
that, I'm not going to say that, it's not one
of these law firms that's on the street. I
call that management. No, I mean, no, I don't
know, no, I don't know the guy, but it's one
of these law firms on the street that
wants to make a name for itself in the world of
investments and as a lawyer specializing
in investments and  I don't know what and I don't know
how much it's worth And this guy is doing
very aggressive advertising if you
feel scammed by pambi Call me and
we will make a class action lawsuit and I don't know what
and I don't know
what he did scam I ask eh Nauel
I was watching Willy's thing at the
salsera And I remembered Because the other day they
clicked on me when we were
looking for it okay, I mean but I
100%
100% don't know Willy's thing, I don't know him
okay I don't know to what extent you know but of
course for example there were some youtubers
if quit if they have seized two apartments
very clear You won't
be there today it
is the scam it is defined as a crime in
which deception is used to induce
a person to perform an action or
do something a mistake that will cause damage or
financial harm to themselves or a
third party The deception is in ensuring
profitability without disclaimer
you have squared it no, well that's it, well
then go to jail That's it if
you have squared it because you have seen it,
the penal code is there it doesn't matter eh I mean
I think not even a trial  I'm going to pee I'll come back now
okay guajiro I think not even a trial
eh I mean if it says that where does it say that
If that's the dictionary definition
I think not even a trial eh you arrive and
literally pimp
Pam a video from a gossip channel So I
gave you four clicks pin pam pam pam
and you click on Dallas you know
easy easy Yeah yeah well then that's it So
what the [ __ ] are we discussing
here for a [ __ ] week
effectively the same thing but it's that
this same lawyer is the one who represents
the eight to the eight people who
denounced Delo for
fraud because it's a matter of publicity and it's a
matter of promotion and it's a
media issue and it's a matter of
clowning around A click comes from Twitter Oh it
was with the Dallas thing or was it with the del I
don't remember what move it was because he
went to a channel I don't know if it was the
egun Channel or something like that and he started
saying that you can sue someone
that you can sue someone from
another country if that person is Spanish and
the one you're denouncing is Spanish that you can
denounce him here and  the trial is held in
Spain and it's like man it's not
exactly like that eh No it's not exactly like
that but come on it's not because I say so
no I no no no I'm not going to know more than a
lawyer okay I understand that that man will
know and another thing is what he says
in public but well we've seen it with
the Rubiales case okay
Jennifer beautiful Spanish Rubiales
Spanish but the act that is being
reported would have to be able to or appear
punishable in the same country okay in the
same country where it was committed Okay
then We would have to look at the legislation
the penal code of Dubai okay And then
of course there already or
so then you have a scammer because he
tells us to give you sub And such But he doesn't
mount the mini he goes a kiss Well yes to
jail
too I'm back Thanks guajiro
gorgeous for
coming back what's the same lawyer damn we're
going to get the file in 15 days
I hope okay because
what they're reporting doesn't make any sense it doesn't make
any sense I have no [ __ ] idea
what they're reporting I mean I know he had it I
know he had it but I have no
[ __ ] idea exactly what it is I mean
them  we will ask them to come here
obviously to explain that
eh when they have the result or whatever you
know what I mean but I don't know exactly
what the hell they are
reporting I think it's from those courses of the
No none Okay and it's going to be filed
Because besides he didn't even bother to come to the
interrogation of delox and of and
of his partner So it's like how
okay because what they are reporting doesn't make any sense what it makes
no
sense at all Okay and it's going to be filed
Because besides the guy didn't even bother to
come to the interrogation of delox and
of and of his
partner I mean the
lawyer of the lawyer is reporting it
wasn't the interrogation of the people he
is
reporting so it's the same lawyer
who is now talking about reporting
Dallas [ __ ] boy I don't know I have very
little credibility that complaint has very little In my opinion very little I
think that delo is getting away it's
getting out of hand Pablo I I I I I I
understand that you can't
speak about it or gives any
now he takes advantage of it and it seems fine to me and
now the guy says  I don't know Has anyone
looked on social Blade How many
subscribers has his channel added these
days No but if delo isn't doing it
his channel I don't think he's doing it for
subscribers or fame let's see He made
a comment in the chat as if to
say I'm on my p he hasn't
uploaded to my p but I really think it's
for acceptance too much of what he
's doing to him because he's not even
waiting to see what
Tas says no I mean it's like [ __ ] Calm down a
little he's letting it all out Wait
Wait no let's see what the other guy says let's
see what you have to refute let's see what you have to pull
out it's that of course
keep an ace not like Marta
riesco the truth because I'm sure that
dude I saw a cli today on Twitter that I hadn't
seen that delo was complaining the
mother who gave birth to me really And it's that of
course What do you say now now what do I do I
defend Dalas from this and you're going to
tell me that it's wrong delo was complaining that
dasas had told him that instead of
hiring a  Spanish so you can
tell 5000 bucks a month than hiring
one from Latin America who charges
less and I've been seeing people
burning on Twitter that's why it's like we did
n't solve that issue a couple of
weeks ago because Ricky eddy got into it with
the south hand for the
same thing, I mean, we didn't defend uncle Sur
that's why Ricky Eddy said the stupid thing
that oh how are we doing man if I'm
paying a guy from Latin America eh a
guy from
Latin America what I can pay for
a guy from Latin America is more, I mean it's
better than for a guy from Spain
No, well, chun hasn't defended Dallas
about that, I don't know what they didn't say anything they did
n't comment on anything you've given him 50,000
subscribers or or or whatever move no and
the and
the visits will be going up So the
guy is there Riding the wave
and come on Javi if daas accused ao of being
xenophobic but when Dallas does it he
says What is the basis for accusing him of being
xenophobic then we'll say This
is not xenophobia dala  this is a [ __ ]
[ __ ] or this Yeah man it's ugly okay
but if he hasn't said it as he's
responding with the Editors thing
before the other one says it that no by saying you
know what I'm
telling you one thing that
no and it
seems to me but but at what cost Pablo Let's see
his thing not obviously And he will know what he has to
do and if he feels
comfortable in that position pu Who are
we to tell him what to
do but [ __ ] these are normal attitudes
Cris says he has lost 1000
subscribers but hasn't won anything Cris
has lost
a
dick he has won
2000 Well I don't know if yes yes he has won 2000
1000 the day of the
fight and he has deleted the video these days I
think I find it strange that he hasn't
won anything with the amount of
people who are giving him
their support right now for me it's false okay the support
can't be true it's simply
support to go against Dallas I mean
I think it's clear Just and the same
day and and and and the next day they are going to
put him down again man Of course
but you also believe that
delox seriously
delox just gave me a
follow seriously
the piece of glasses
and I really
mean you put more [ __ ] than there is eh I mean you disgust
me immensely eh You disgust me
immensely put more put more
[ __ ] than there is
you confirm Yes yes yes but it's that [ __ ] shitty
liar I am You guys are the real scammers
You guys are the
real scammers those people who
two days ago were calling him a
scammer and that was the worst now
think well of him cl of course he is like that I
mean but how much [ __ ] have you come to me to
well anyway How much [ __ ] have you
put on delox that is also a lie that is also a
lie these people man and that
if ohana valjala and what if the crypto and
what if I don't know what And what if this game that I
don't remember what the
game was called nostale and what about that is that they have
given it to him from all sides man from all
sides and it wasn't true and and it was these people
Well then I am from these people from cel from
nter Play
from laserland  from Turbo plant of ung
fats
of the of the of the analysts
these directors of masters in finance I
still have the same opinion I had
days ago That's what I'm getting at what does it have to
do with you fighting with a person
so that now everyone who has
any kind of anim aversion for Dallas
Be Your colleague please it is not coherent
to see the point for me is not that you
talk to people who have animosity
version for Dallas Well a little Even
in a heated moment you say Well
then I understand No now I'm going to
throw [ __ ] at him with everything I'm going to hang out
with this vo do Well I don't know well that
neither or whatever Look the point is that he's
hanging out with and
interacting and getting along with
people who are not just messing with Dallas
it's that they're messing with him until Friday they
messed with him with nimu I mean man I'm
not going to start reviewing videos and
live streams and extract and click and I don't know what and
Twitch okay but man let's see It's like
if I fight with Elena with the lne
well with Elena it would be the  same
example because it would be worth it but
imagine that I fight with the
LINE I fight with the lanne and I start
bringing Loli Huertas here let's see well
no well I have fought with the LINE
if she throws [ __ ] at me I will throw
[ __ ] at her but I'm not going to get into it with a
lady who has told me everything and who I
have
sued that it doesn't make sense But it's
already out of love for you
too I mean it's that I've seen him talk
to a lot of people who it turns out have
said everything to him until
Friday eh until
Friday and they fell on him I saw them Now
I also tell you I still have the
same opinion of them now that they call
Dallas a scammer like when they
called him a scammer ao the same one and I tell you
more now they are accusing me they are the
host now they are
accusing me of provoking the
arguments to
then take the matters and such you
know you know how many people I have said
I don't see a reason here How many times I have not
said I don't see it sue I don't see it yes
yes it is true it is  true Javi included eh
Jai I don't see it yeah [ __ ] a lot of
times yeah yeah yeah let's see This is how it is eh No
really if Pablo told me yes to
everyone I come to take file a
lawsuit if Javi I mean if Pablo told me
yes to everyone I say take File
a
lawsuit he would have at least five or
six more lawsuits filed than you
know but he says I don't see it clearly do
n't file this one I do
n't see this one you know more or less he
has to be that he thinks he can
win at least get
something if you want to sue Let's go with everything
but I don't see it no I don't see it
sueable I attest because because I have
spoken with you about these issues and you
have told me Elena It's that this has no
weight at all to lar How many times I
mean but how many times and it's more now he
tells me no no you are mediating So as not to
lose the client for such for what he is saying that he
can forgive ler and he can
forgive tur turb I am delighted because
I save two trips and I charge the same
as me I have a closed price for the entire
trial  I explain in is to talk for the sake of
talking is to talk for the sake of talking do you remember
now and and it doesn't get to the act of judgment
delighted I tell him you owe me so much man See you
later delighted in life and we'll see each other
in another and that's it I mean that's it that I
really do
n't like people but
those who know me
those who know me know it I am the
first one in the middle man and that I try to
say no don't judicialize this no such No
I don't know that
that azuli let's see everything is worth what
someone is willing to pay for
it it's as simple as that how much is your
car worth if your car or rather how much is my
car worth which is a diesel SUV if
tomorrow they ban diesel SUVs
my car is worth
zero zero if tomorrow they only allow diesel
SUVs to circulate my car V
of the 50,000 bucks of course or rather everything is worth what
someone is willing
eh to pay for it then
cryptocurrencies like
how you are stupid Javier or rather I
can only only tell you this you are stupid
with balconies to the street and in your house they
know it or rather You are a spherical fool no matter
how you look at it you are  dumb
boy I mean let's see this is
so desperate see what you're
doing talking about everything that
delox is doing after what
Dallas has done it's
real I mean really really I mean really
Javier really I'm
sorry man you have a
sulfated terminal I don't have any more Wait I
'm going to block you so I can't read and that's it Let's
see it's that he understands that this is the
lawyer will have to have an opinion about
him in the part that is in the middle Javier
and he has more information than
any of us dumb the argument is
that you are dumb with balconies to the street
Javier is that you are dumb is that you are very
let's see this is it no that he is a mutant And there is
you who are very dumb I mean there is
no more [ __ ] It's that what argument do you
want that you are dumb I tell you that you are dumb that you
are dumb Because you are very
dumb [ __ ] nothing more nothing more that now if you
want we continue arguing well
nothing that that that that that that is to me that is
really
look they send me
this that I don't know where they got it from it
says another proof that he is not in
Dubai
Hahahaha man this is it is it
you see it I mean it's not even giving an opinion
criticizing it's persecutory
okay man
have you gone to look at the time on the clock here with the one you have on top of you I'm going to pee again okay hquiroga let's see listen to me point number one point number one okay he could be in Spain because he feels like it I mean let's see gref lives in Andorra And greev where is he
many times in Spain okay I have a
cousin who lives in Germany Where is my
cousin many times during the year
in Seville
okay another let's count on the
possibility that you
don't have the Spanish time on your devices
because you live under Spanish time
wherever you live which also happens a lot
that you can be in a place for x
reasons or whatever because it
interests you okay but that you have the
Spanish time because because you base yourself on
Spanish time
but it's brutal eh man well yeah yeah
Dude says Cris that on Friday he lost
1000 subscribers but he already recovered
1000 yesterday and another 1000 today I knew they
had  that he was leaving
he was going to see what they were
saying in the chat that like we don't
blame Di for what he does for what
Dallas has done let's see I
personally will repeat it again I'm not
telling you it seems wrong to me that he brought
up nimmu and that he brought up his ex
and that he brought up it seems wrong to me it did
n't make sense it doesn't make sense that he
brings up private things about
private things I think we all
agree who likes
private things to be brought up in any type of
discussion it's not worth it I can say it
apart from that how am I going to
accuse a person of being a scammer To
begin with I don't have a clue about these
types of things what can I say it seems
much riskier much more dangerous to
call Dallas a scammer
than to call delox bad friend let's say
and everyone is allowing themselves the luxury
of calling aas a scammer but if you
're saying something to Javi It's that the
time that is shown may not be
100% true to this Because first Dallas is
doing a demonstration of a program
that allows you to connect to another PC to
do things in the
cloud Good point I didn't know that yes the
program that promoted that they
are also saying with a
scam Good point yes I didn't know that but but but the
way that you can
be in Spain
no you can't step foot in Spain anymore how is the
thing about the is that be careful what you
are telling him you are taking out
private things guys much more serious the other
eh No routing I already know that it is not necessary it is that I
feel more comfortable like this well let's see
I don't think it's a scam
because it does not meet the
staff requirements the la the putting a a currency let's
see a virtual currency a
cryptocurrency let's say again a
cryptocurrency that also has no
use because for example the etherium
I think it is used to make
smart contracts or there are tokens that are used to
do things or to play in
games or for stories they have a
use one well this second one says you
will give it a use
not
memecoin by definition like the
shibu this one or the shiva Well I don't know or the
doge or these things by definition
have no use they are useless
and the value  that they have the only
value they have is that someone pays
for
it but let's say Pablo the only thing that
could be attributed to d is the publicity
that he made of the currency it's not the only thing no
D takes out a coin let's see d takes out a
virtual coin and says look dude I have
11 million
I feel like insulting you I can insult
you I can insult you you're a
[ __ ] [ __ ] happy birthday
Lorena Thanks Fran Thank you very much thank you I don't
know if I don't know if he's
watching us but I'm going to tell him man you just
scared me with the intro it
's true it's true Dallas the only thing
that has failed is that he has exaggerated with
the exaggerated panic with delox Okay so
this currency is going to take off
why because because people are going to
want to buy it because I have 11 million
subscribers on YouTube and like the
currency coa and I mean like the change that
the currency takes and goes up you can imagine what
nobody understands about Dallas's reaction
conox that the betrayal
of someone you consider a friend hurts more than the
betrayal of a Random Yeah of
course and as long as they buy it  100,000
people This is going through the roof okay I mean this is how it is that that that that
's the
story and people bought it saying
wow they bought it to speculate they
bought it saying wow this coin is from
Dallas And how are other meme coins at
10 I don't know
what the [ __ ] I'm buying a
cent damn Well I'm going to multiply
my Fran Thank you very much for your
congratulations a
big kiss vern by 1000 So if I put in
50 I'm going to get 500,000 that was
people's expectations well
people's expectations that this is
rarely talked about little is talked about but a lot a
lot of people got it like that eh I mean a lot of
people it was like that The Move eh there were people
who put in very little money Okay and got a
lot Hello FR la jbla
Hello frontera
jbla and it's not an unrealistic expectation
because it's true because it could
happen okay it could happen now whoever
buys at the peak eh whoever buys at the
peak well well well loses
money it's like that I mean there is no there's no there's
nothing else you then well well that's not a
scam  or I
understand that it is not a scam that there
was a plot to alter the
price of things If you take out the coin And
you Suddenly you start advertising that
something is going to come out if Dallas speaks ill of
a serial killer people will stand up for
the murderer that's how it is
Unfortunately
Greetings I do not miss the gossip not because
Delo is a criminal but because
They thought and they threw hard at
Delos he encouraged everything that he was a
criminal come on video and it was very
shady and this the other you know but not anymore not anymore I
mean but it is not to say that with
the passage of time of no no no from
Friday to
Saturday Look at this Elon Mask did Elon
Mask in
Tesla this Elon did ma and
Willy did it let's see but this is like this eh Willy
what Lu sends me
And what is that
okay Okay now I look at it
[Music]
and Willy when he promotes the nft
also does it host This is going to go
very far I do not know what I do not know
how much he
took spent A money in bitcoin
okay spent A money bought a lot of
bitcoins and  when he had a bunch of
bitcoins he made an ad saying at
tesla we accept payment with bitcoins
bitcoin is the future I don't know what
br bitcoin went up okay it went up a lot
eh
sold Okay and the next thing was to say we're not going to
continue accepting bitcoin because it
has a very high energy cost bitcoin
because mining bitcoin
uses a lot of electricity and it's not
sustainable and it's not
ecological bitcoin down and then he could have gone
short no that was also
a plot to alter the price
of things according to
Spanish law it could become so according to
American law I don't know of
course no they haven't convicted him for that
okay and and and according to the the legislation
of the place of reference no the
dog Coin thing was something else David the dog
Coin thing is another thing I mean the dog
Coin thing was neither that nor we're not going to
accept it at tesla no no the dog Coin thing
was already directly he put a meme of a
puppy on Twitter and the dog Coin
shot the goat Elo in that eh eh
from residence of Dallas well well I do
n't know either okay this is this is what there is
well delon is a friend of Fran
cuestra  also Fran the elon is your
friend
eh with what he did with dog it went from
costing zero a bit of a cer Of course well that and there are
people who I know make a lot of
money with these things there are people who make a lot of
money and those people don't
protest and don't say let's see but the thing is that you
play it's not a
game they complain above all what they say
is the absolute promises of
all my followers they are going to be
millionaires that is what is most
recurrent you know what I hear the most in the
end the only thing that is irrefutable I will
buy it the picin advertisement was very
aggressive I will buy it Yes I I think
that if I inside I don't understand
much when they have told me Hey you can't
make such an
aggressive advertisement for a product of this type But that's what they
told me crypt
Bros said dude It's that the advertisement
Hello Javi Greetings time for gossip grejo
time for gossip it is being really
aggressive I don't know what And such Yigal okay okay
That's what they threw at me what they
threw in his face Job Yeah but let him move
because of his image he is different and another thing
is to manipulate him for your action Javi Job
go to jail Dallas hob I have it very
clear hob this this this is going to be his
end this is going to be his his his [ __ ]
end Job yes yes a kiss Mauricio
very handsome Thank you very much King crypto Bros
now they are calling him a scam they are calling him I do
n't know what they are calling him I don't know what they are calling him I don't know
cuos okay that is what they
were saying and now no now it is that he
did a ro I don't know what and that he did
an I don't know what now what they are accusing
Dallas of is that he had a
very large treasury stock yes he took out the
currency he inflated it artificially and sold
his entire portfolio to keep that
money that is what they are accusing
Dallas of now Well they will have to
prove it the smurf says she comes to
put order she is very small Pablo if it were
a scam like they say they would have behind them
Who is
supporting them I don't
know I don't know the truth is that I don't know on what
listing it is that I don't know on what exchange
V is listed because I don't know or rather it is that they
announced me there  two
new exchanges no, that's why it went up a little bit today
no Mauricio
Thank you very much handsome Thank you very much man Hey a huge kiss man Thank you very much for the support I lose All I know is what I experienced at the beginning what Dallas explained to me on the car ride
between the airport and his house eh And and and and
little else and that's when I took out the
video and I asked
cryptocurrency experts man is there a problem with
this crypto no and everyone told me
no everyone said no no well well that's what
Jonathan LL says a rise of
60 by Well look Jonathan says that it
's proven that he moved the wallet to
his team not Dallas let's see but who is
his
team I think all this
Javi How many bitcoin bread do you have
three is what I was telling you this could
be the end of Dallas I don't know but it's going to
be a very hard blow to his career and
a stain that will stay with him for
life that's for sure for
sure let's keep in mind that this
is much more serious than wismichu's bottle
let's keep in mind that this is
much more serious than  that could have done
coscu this is much more serious than
what could have done I would even
tell you according to what people why I don't
know There we would be Why Because one
thing can be very
serious is what this
H Juan guarnizo was telling you responding to the
windy Gear podcast now or rather
15 months
later Hey how heavy then I started to
read well that it was because yesterday I made
a clarification Because a rumor came out
that I was or rather literally a clip
said that supposedly I don't know if information came out
from her but that
I had sued oari to this chick to
windy and and what I clarified was that no that
we have never done any of
that because well I don't know it's that it's
again repeating the same thing that we talked about
at the time when that podcast came out
which by the way all of
windy's defenders disappeared two days later
which is curious they simply came out
of their who knows where to
throw [ __ ] at me and Ari and then they
disappeared but but basically
that pum that support for whom does it go
Defenders of windy eh It seems very to me
XD  that they really don't realize is
the side that has turned the page that has
simply had an evolution I don't
know if maturing each one will be able to
consider it I think so but well each
one will be able to have their point of view
But if it's [ __ ] up I hadn't
read the first part of the tweet that
said that the offensive nicknames that were
mentioned in that podcast were
her request I'm not surprised it's that it does
n't surprise me friends genuinely it doesn't
surprise me but it's that this was because of a
clip eh
Ah where could we find
[Music]
this this said in the nojo chat
Thank you very much it has not been heard I don't know
why
[Music]
HM
Ah I can't find the
clip I can't find the clip But well
delox had already said that Here many
times in fact he is a person who not
well I don't know if even the presentation
of the tser or the subject eh Javi already talked about the
pipepino subject What is that is fine better
in his personal life I hope that everything
goes great for him but but I know that with
us he has an impressive grudge
despite the fact that I believe that both of us have come
close to wanting to solve things
privately and never  we have had a
response then well no ...
is listening
Thank you very much man big kiss big
kiss eh what was I saying
about these people let's see but in part it's not
money laundering it's a they gave me a
strike and everything even Yes it's true it's
true they gave me a strike
And subversion that such But well also
if you have apologized to
Windy Well it was also for something no
because you also did things
wrong without more there is no more okay I mean eh it
's that simple for them for me
eh blan Let's see for my part there has
been no money laundering Because for
me There are things in which I don't
buy Windy the rumor gets around that we don't
talk about her because we have a
legal conflict in the middle and just as
people can believe that they can
believe 700 other things I
deny it friends here first hand
that it is completely false I hope
that information did not come from her
because it did come from her I mean but
not that they denounced Windy but
that Windy had a legal issue or rather what she
let slip was that what they let slip
was Well what she said about those here
was not like  that what was implied was
that Windy had sued them and if it
came from her, well, another lie that she
told them maybe but but in
truth, nothing to do with it, nothing to do with it at
all. I turned the page a long time ago
and did the
same
or I invited Juan Guarnizo and they wanted to
present their version as well. It must be
said that it was kind of ugly that you called him
the beds and the
399 eh exclusive goes Put exclusive eye
careful
exclusive you know You know why they
know you know why they were called that
why Because Windy asked me to
Ah I mean, she asked you to treat them like that
but no, she didn't do it I'll tell you more I'll tell you
more I warned him ig I warn
everyone of what I think is going to happen
because for me it was show business I
said oh [ __ ] great I mean it's going to be
much more viral obviously in fact it became a
trending topic because of it but I told him
Let's talk about Ari and Juan because I'm
going to put it in the title and he says no no no no
because they had legal issues and
the person who handled the legal issues for him
said
nozo  Haha you were a hypocrite with windy it
's not an exclus Thanks Mauricio it's not
an
exclusive and that's where I think
the biggest difference is currently we're never going to deny that maybe we were wrong but I think people are already repeating it without even knowing what we were wrong about and also believing that on their part we never received any kind of insult, lack of respect or interest in affecting
our work, which I immediately take advantage of.
And I clarify, she doesn't leave Facebook Gaming,
which is also something that they
criticize us for, they criticize us quite a bit that she
left Facebook Gaming at
our request, she behaved like a
crazy woman live, Facebook Gaming at that
time was like a secondary school and
took great care of the image it gave to the
public and Facebook itself found
the show she put on completely regrettable
and kicked her out without us asking for any
kind of request for anything
and ugh, I think this is not like
that, let's see, without asking, without asking, without asking
either, something else is that they
agreed eh but without
asking
me a public claim. I also
feel that it's important to publicly
say that everything was fine. Today eh
Very apparently maybe  with a 99.9
for security eh It was confirmed that
windy is no longer on Facebook Gaming
obviously I don't think it was
her decision but on the contrary
I consider that it was a decision
obviously of the platform and just as
eh I criticized the slowness of the process
which the truth is that it was like a
week it's not like it was a
month or two months
eh We have to applaud the fact that
they made the correct decision which will
very surely improve the
image of their platform
em I consider that it was completely
necessary and very good very good those I
call A bite of karma in the
mouth then G Play to your
house you finish the clip I'm not
going to
finish it [Laughter] so I feel that it is
important to mention it obviously I think
we are very satisfied what I
told you the other time that a person
loses their
job I have always been very opposed
to that I have always been completely
against that of a person
messing with your work and a person
taking your job we have to say one
thing what is Sari who is the person who
worked directly works
Sorry  directly on the platform
never asked to be expelled her new
no Sara no Let's not miss either person
who worked directly works
Sorry directly on the platform
never asked to be expelled the only thing she
asked was that something be done about
it because the situation
deserved it
Larisa has an ass that I want to
eat Larisa has an ass that I
want to eat I want to let it go damn
ma that ass is big mamacita
I want to [ __ ] you in the ass that you have Go on move it Go on move it Go on move it Go on move it d Go mu mu
toto move that ass move that ass move that ass move that
ass Go on move that ass Go on move that toto
up down up down her
tit is how yummy her yummy sua is how yummy her sua is how
yummy her sua is come on
mamacita mother I'm [ __ ] good that she is really yummy she
has an
incredible ass and incredible tits
My God
Holy let's see let's see it again let's
see it again Wait maybe
we got the impression that
Juan lied eh maybe  it
gave us the impression that
Juan lied eh wait daria and
took
good care of girls nor how much I dislike Juan just play your
ball no rating thank you very much but
leave me like eh Now
Juan looks thinner it is noticeable that he eats less
since the jokes about the beds but [ __ ] [ __ ] they
blame us
a lot that he left Facebook
Gaming at our request he did not
behave like a crazy person live
Facebook Gaming at that time was like
a secondary school and took great care of the
image it gave to the public and
Facebook itself found
the show she put on completely regrettable and kicked her out
without us asking for any kind of
request for anything and so without us
asking for any kind of request for
anything person take your job we have to
say one thing what is Sari who is
the person who worked directly
works Sorry directly on the
platform never asked for her to be
expelled the only thing she asked was that
something be done about it because the
situation warranted it and I told them a thousand
times when Ari screwed up
that Lalisa has an ass that I
want to eat Lalisa has an ass that I
want to eat  I want to let it go
damn that ass is big
babe I want to [ __ ] you in the ass that
you have Go on, move that ass Go on, move that ass Go on, move that ass Go on, move that ass Go on, move that
ass Go on, move that toto Go on, move that toto Go on, move that toto Go on, up
down up down that like
is d I can
[Music]
see good that she is very hot that she has
an incredible ass and some
incredible tricks Oh my God
Holy the clip for Twitter who
can make it for me please Who can make
that clip for Twitter would it be Juan I mean
us here reacting Juan what we just
experienced what we just lived through okay I mean
the clip
of saying since Juan said that
no that he hasn't made any request
that it was a Facebook thing because she was
crazy We haven't made any kind of
request and and and here and the dancing the toto
I would also add it obviously
Okay any money now we know that
the pillows on Juan's bed are made of
iron there is no cotton that can hold that
hard face the show he put on and he kicked her out without
us making any kind of request for
anything and  so from any platform
because I think that today she believes
that we were making reports to
platforms to get banned from
Twitch, Twitter, Instagram,
TikTok or wherever we do not have that much
power I would love to have it I would
love to have it and believe me if
I had that power you would not be the one who would not
have social networks it would not be you
because it does no harm to your
social network I also tell you that people are
very committed to us and Gen m thinks that
we are evil people who are who are
planning the next big heist Wait wait wait
I am seeing
people out there who are not subscribed to the Channel I
am seeing people out there on the live stream
who are not subscribed please
press the subscribe button
dogs and it is not that we give a [ __ ]
80% of the people who
dislike us the other 10% Maybe we are
interested in fixing something and the other 10% of
us are not even interested in speaking to her
Full Stop the Elite Go ahead But
anyway There is the clarification panelists
kisses Hey the nauter falls well in the
chat I also have to say it is rarely
discussed Lauter on video and in chat they
are two completely different people what an
[ __ ] I have seen three four clips and
listening to him speak is even a pleasure ok
not to me the truth is each one friends I have
understood you too with time
that is their job I have to also be
honest the vast majority of them have
been very Javi move the to I
want to eat it the nisa has an
ass that I want to eat I want to let it go
damn ma that ass is
big mamacita I want to [ __ ] you in the
ass what you have Go on move that toto Go on move that toto Go on move toto Go on move toto move that ass
move that ass move that ass Go on move that ass Go on move that toto Go on move toto to to to to up down up
down her tit is how delicious her tit is
how delicious her tit is how delicious her
tit is how delicious her tit is Come on mamacita
my mother I am coming good that she is
very delicious that she has an
incredible ass and very respectful with me
in many aspects eh They have to
talk about  these things are their job but
the truth is that with me they have known
when it is appropriate to put their two
cents in and when not so much and in my
more personal matters the truth is they have behaved
in very very ways I applauded some
even because I have approached them to
talk to them and other times on
their own initiative So Period
end with that I
only those of the chat ask eh I
ask have they not told Juan if he is a
Cook if he is a coward if he is some [ __ ] like
that per point
eh I don't know
I don't know they have always been respectful with Juan
or rather except for tartaja
obviously that tartaja protects him and
sur gibel cursing his dead gibel
has cursing his
dead in each video they tell him no I
mean but I don't know because no videos and so on
no to see from memory I don't
know the Red let's watch it quickly you sleep well
knowing that your wife is a
sexual object these wankers from the chat the mban and
their pack gets up for free on the
internet Oh I was thinking
Look
I sleep I sleep very well Yes in a
Rem seg bed much more expensive than yours much
more comfortable  bed with the guanas
put him in let's see no no no mom no no no it
's not very bad Juan
Guarnizo and you know what's going on Juan
Guarnizo It seems like he's going to cry
leave him alone he's not very bad Juan
Guarnizo and you know what's going on that
Juan Guarnizo spits a lot
up he treated a lot of people badly he wanted to
say evil to guys like
betrayal and Karma Karma
Karma comes for everyone
guys Karma comes for everyone
gentlemen every pig
gets their
Sanfermin Sanfermines are for the
bulls not for the
bulls every pig gets their Sanferm
well get well all the same as long as you
run
guys what are we going to do listen
no no he played the sound of a bed
creaking after
someone is being [ __ ] he can't be such a son
of a [ __ ] no way he couldn't have played the
sound of a bed creaking because they are being
[ __ ]
no let's see it was funny Let's see you and me Tell me
Honestly it was funny it
's the sound with which
Juan cizo gets up everyone  the days of his life he gets
up on the couch
and it's the op of masle evil thinking this
sound let's listen and pay
attention it started around 19
seconds he came calm power it already started
well wine wine calm
luckily he was unfaithful to you Yes he returned it to me
obviously he forgave me and he returned it to me after
six months with a waiter who had
just come in there to
work he's been working with us for a month or two
and he was also really cool
with me relative of the friend they told me bro you
know what he did with he created a meme the one who's
[ __ ] her is me not you and I banned him eh I
brought my mother to the Stream at Christmas it
was I think Christmas and I showed her talking she's
not 60
years old
reviews your wife is an object but whatever is it to
her we should see them
all because the rest of the discussion
the rest of the discussion I imagine
that they will be more or less in the same style the
comments
Not of course it's that around here I'm seeing
more but they are already long videos reactions
to videos and
such But I understand that the tone
is the  same
No what the [ __ ] is
this I think there's one what the [ __ ] is
this
Who posted
this but really the person who
sent me This sent it to me as if it
were
literal genuinely has acted with me
in a very malicious manner and is the one with
whom I have completely cut ties
which was with Javi I feel that Javi
acts with me in a very malicious manner
man but this turkey Look let's see
eh Let's see we just saw we just saw
what gibel tells him
and he said that what gibel tells him
is from respect and he likes it I haven't
even seen what the
others will say to him the nauter the cel I know that he
stutters no because he stutters even
lies about cocu to protect him and
the south I imagine that no because but we
just saw it about guibel
Okay what is it what is it that he
supposedly liked about guibel and
apart from that apart independently
what the
[ __ ] Why does he bring me in as if I
were part of that group what do I have to do
with who I have completely cut ties with
on their own initiative
Then End of story with that I
only think that there is  one who
has genuinely acted towards me in
very malicious ways and it's with me
I'm not from the discussion group I haven't even gone
once who I have completely cut ties with
which was with Javi I feel
that Javi acted with me in very
malicious ways even though I believe
that I was very well intentioned with him the
whole time and that's why he is the only one with whom I have
completely cut ties
then a long time later a
very nice message really But I
refused to answer because I find it
ridiculous that for months you dedicate
yourself to provoking a narrative because it's
you who created it to create a narrative and
then talk to me as if we were
friends when in truth I think he
behaved very badly with me Xavi the singer
not Xavi the the former coach of Bara
today we arrest the priests of Madrid let's
see this I'm going to try to answer not
being Javi Oliveira
eh Not being Javi the scoundrel but being
the salsera okay today this is
this is what woke culture has done
men carry bags there are no longer
men like ch Norris
Fran please don't go and give your opinion
on  this topic I don't want you to comment
on what Juan just told me okay I'm
going to give my opinion with respect okay because he didn't
disrespect me but he did
disrespect me a little because he just
lied okay so I mean point number one
point number one what a
suck-up
ass what a suck-up ass you are Juan what do
you think is wrong with what I said what a
suck-up ass you are what do you
think is wrong with what I said and you're
applauding what the people on the
talk show are saying okay Because they're messing
with Dallas when I even with the
videos that Dallas made of your wife
said [ __ ] defend your wife now and by
faith the drawings that Dallas put in the
video and all that stuff okay that point
number one Juan that point number one
okay point number two malicious
malicious
What Javi is the only one who receives without having been there
XD let's see I've laughed
sometimes at Cook I've laughed sometimes
at something but I think I've been
commenting on things within
reason I don't know I understand that there will be things that have
bothered him Hey the other day
we were watching  aick Ed was bothered by
an exclusive that I released aas on some
occasions he has also been bothered by some
things but let's see here everyone I understand I understand I understand
and I'm bullfighting I try
not to get angry I try not to fight because
I understand that many times putting myself in
line or getting along with people with the
youtubers okay And then suddenly
I have to comment on something that
bothers people or whatever
okay but Juan I haven't exposed you I
can
eh I haven't exposed you how
can I expose you don't tell me that I have
created any narrative and that I have
invented any narrative because I have
not invented any narrative the
narratives that there are about you are the
truth in fact I have been commenting on them
without saying that I could prove all
the narratives that there are about
you don't touch my dick he already
told you and the narratives are even worse
than the ones
there okay I mean don't touch my balls
and don't lie here making myself look like a
suck-up
okay because it's that you created it it seems
ridiculous to me that a narrative  and the truth is
good vibes But I refused to
answer because I was very well
intentioned with him the whole time and
that's why he's the only one I cut
ties with completely then a long
time later a message very the truth is
good vibes But I refused to
answer because I find it ridiculous that
for months eh you dedicate yourself to provoking
a narrative because it's that
you created it to create a narrative and then
talk to me as if we were friends when
in truth I think he behaved very badly
with me jaab the singer no Juan this is a
lie
uncle Juan I didn't send you any
messages as if we were friends I mean you're
making it up as if all of a sudden in
public I laughed and created a narrative
about you
with the beds you're making it up as if
in public you make up nothing about
you when I'm not
making things up I could tell
Or I could even give my versions and the
information that I have okay And I'm not
doing it I'm reacting to what comes
out
man but don't make me look like I'm
going to send you a message behind my back
as if I were a friend I'm not
going to send you a message as if  I
was a friend, what I am is a
human being who sent you a message when
what happened to your sister, dude, because
I truly felt that and I felt like sending you
a
message. I didn't send you a message as
a friend, I sent you a message as a
human being who has had a relationship with you, it
kind of hurt me because it's not right
in this life for anyone to lose
a sister at that age,
man, you're being a liar, dude, you're being a
liar. No, I didn't go to
you as if I were a friend. I gave you my
condolences, dude, because I didn't end up bad with you, [ __ ]
Javi Calm down, you scare me a
little stronger and more factor your
response and you're going to have to do a video
response on stardeos. No, no, no, no,
calm down, but what the [ __ ], Juan.
Don't tell me that I've gone with bad intentions, I haven't
gone with bad intentions, dude, I haven't gone
with bad intentions,
you were upset because I was
doing an echo. It was the time
when the whole auron Play thing was happening
and I was doing an echo. Of all the
news, of everything that they were saying
about you all. Even
auron's brother who I think was because of the issue with
auron's brother not the things that
auron's brother said, come on, talk to auron's brother,
come on, talk to auron's brother
not with me already that I've kept quiet man I
know why Agustn told you that the other
day man man
I'm seeing you Here
saying that those in the discussion treat each other
with respect and that I'm making up a
narrative When you know very well that I'm not
making anything up Juan what narrative
is it that I made up that Ari
defended cocu Knowing about cocu or what
about or about
gref don't me don't me don't tell me that man and
besides I don't I don't I didn't send you it's that for
real Or these are things that are
lies man these are things that are
lies and besides it's not like that's how it's done man
He told me Look I'm going to stop following you
because I don't like seeing
things about me on my FIFA at first I said It
seems really bad to me how he's managing
this this and this the other thing and  then at
night I felt so bad for how I had
answered him and I said look Juan don't
worry I understand I'm not going to be your
enemy you go there me here outside
my house I just told him I haven't said
anything about what we talked about
but
man but don't tell me that man
either Of course I send him my
condolences of course I send him my
condolences and I felt it let's say I sent you my
condolences because I truly felt it how
could it be otherwise Of course I
send my condolences to a
person with whom I have had a relationship
okay with whom I have not had a problem
who has lost their sister [ __ ] at 30
years old but it's not for you to come
here and brag about me saying that
I went to create a narrative in
public and then behind your back based
Javi game behind gu
bando B gameover I don't send you a little
message as if I were a friend I
send you my condolences and you take it and
thank me if you want if you don't want I don't
say thanks but don't come here to a
live show to brag that I come here to
send you a message as a friend and he doesn't
send you a message as a
friend I would have done it with you I
would have done it with a lot of people that I do
n't
talk to today and lastly so that I don't
forget okay And here you all are as
witnesses and here you all are as witnesses and
nobody is going to tell me and nobody is going to be
able to tell me that I'm
lying a thousand times I have mentioned here and I think
the last time was weeks ago okay a
thousand times I have mentioned here I think
the last time was weeks ago that Juan
behaved very well with me professionally and he did me many
favors at my job I mean he helped me with
a Twitter thing okay he helped me with
a contact he also helped me
with Well even here collaborating he has
been sharing my videos
making me Ray promoting himself
here a thousand times now don't throw it in my
[ __ ] face okay because if you are
throwing it in my [ __ ] face
Juan I have said it here or I have not said it
Here I have said it Here 800 times Hey but
Juan
behaved that's what I told you  I don't like Juan
but don't throw it in my face man don't
throw it in my face because if you
throw it in my face it's going to look like you did it
precisely so I wouldn't touch on
topics that you don't
like No well if you did it from the
heart because you like me for
helping me okay I haven't thrown it in your
face I never eh
that I you that I con you you I measured you
with Dallas not so that you could talk to
Dallas to fix things
Hey Dallas no, these people look they
really feel it I must have
also done a lot of
good no or no Or it wasn't worth Ari's
videos of mine to put them and pin them on
his Facebook when they were exposing the
Windy thing man but of course
things are not thrown in your face and even
less 4 or 5 years later for no
reason and under the mantra I
'm already fed up with mantras you
know, I mean
under the mantra of this guy he's
making up a narrative about us
and then in private he comes and talks to me
like a friend and I don't  I answer him come on don't
calm down Juan calm down
man no
chavi Bara coach today we arrest
the priests of Madrid I
hope so I hope I can infiltrate the sect today I hope so Xavi Morales Paulo londra Javi buer actually spoke about him don't they gonf do you like the participation It's not that I didn't see it the truth is I've only seen clips that they have arrested me in the Twitter game nothing
more than that and the truth is I have nothing
more to say just that clarify that
small part in which it was mentioned to
me that simply Why not clarify it
also I see that it is fair and necessary
from time to time to clarify things only
friends understand that sometimes if I
remain silent for a long time with x or y
thing it is because I know that many people
genuinely look for me the moment
in which I answer people I enter into a
game that does not interest me I
prefer to answer many months later
when I think the situation has
calmed down and when and also I think it
helps me to never answer with a
hot head I wait a few months or
many but also for me  have everything
clear be able to think a little bit about everything
because if you answer right away you
usually screw up and ask what game
did Willy Rex do
that is better the truth
definitely Well, in these
last ones I agree and you know that
I also
apply it but let's go more than clarify no I
mean more than clarify or like what about
Windy what about Windy
and what about and what about mine man No but
seriously eh I mean I don't want to go here either
[Music]
eh I don't want to go here either to
start any conflict but if you
tell me something that isn't true then I'll
answer you let's
see there is a topic that I would love to
see there is a topic that I would love to see I
think it's very short but I'm going to watch it
because I have I want to know what
gref said because he has returned to
the subject of
Juna gref today clarified again that
nothing happened with Juna and that he gets along very
well with her lie okay In fact he says
that he continues watching his live shows so he does
n't understand why people bring up the subject
referring to Polot Telli and Adri
Contreras who said that they
even asked Piqu  I mean, I don't understand what this is about
Polot and Adri
Contreras
topo, you who know it so ugly is that I do
n't know, I don't know, I swear I
have no idea I mean, I didn't ask him there, he didn't
tell me anything, I asked
Juna on WhatsApp that we were just
talking and I asked her and she said I'll
tell you in person I swear to what you
think I have no [ __ ] idea what
happened with Juna, I
asked Piqu in one of these, what
happened with Juna was that there was an
account that by the way is a fan of mine is a
follower of mine okay, that Juna
was talking to and that account is a
Twitter account okay, she's a fan of Juna too okay
And what happened is that Well,
somehow conversations that
Juna had in confidence with that person
gossip okay they were gossip
basically there were several things
Ok, greev's girlfriend became
paranoid with some multi-accounts that
mess with her they are multi-accounts that
are also very strange and they are very
suspicious Okay
and and well I'm not going to tell you that the
accounts belong to Gre's girlfriend
because she doesn't know okay but they are
like very strange accounts, I mean they are accounts
that only, I mean they are accounts that she
reads what she writes but nobody else knows about
the existence of those accounts because they
have absolutely no reach Okay
and But well, Juna basically criticized
some comments and criticized some
things eh And gossip about things about both
the girlfriend and Gref
okay also Gref's girlfriend
sometimes made comments and from there
the criticisms or the gossip about
Juna with this account okay, I mean
Gref's girlfriend We have seen now in
the last few weeks no that
from time to time she has made some
comments about Juna about her boyfriend
about this one about the other one no Even in
directillo it is understood with her chats there
are not many people she does not have a large audience she does not
have a large audience precisely it is
better to ask what game Willy Rex did
to say my bed is better than yours a
kiss eh It does not have much reach because
Gref for some reason hides his
relationship with his girlfriend okay eh  And I say I say
that this is a thing of gref and it is not a
thing of for example maintaining
anonymity to your relatives because you
can decide not to make public the
people who accompany you in your life
but of course when that person has
tiktok they have Instagram and have asked according to what they have
told me a leave of absence to
dedicate themselves to
this and suddenly they also upload tiktok
dancing with the sayan t-shirt Well
I understand that that person does not want to
be anonymous and does not want to be hidden it
is reminding me a little of Marta
riesco who is crying out for
her boyfriend to give her her place okay eh
her boyfriend does not give her her place because if
not it would happen like what happened with gemita the
girls would explode followers okay there were
criticisms from Juna that I share okay eh
I know more or less some of the things
that were commented there okay in those
messages I don't know if I know everything surely everything I do
n't know okay there are comments that I
agree perfectly okay And there are
some that I also understand that maybe
Juna has been too nosy and that she
could have saved them okay but I
also tell you that being in an
environment of trust eh  listen to me is
what I tell you at the end always about
private matters that I can criticize
even Anne in private I have no
reason to Because hey because there is something
that I thought was ugly about her and I
commented it to Elena because [ __ ] why am I not
going to tell it to her in public or to her
face so
that she doesn't get angry and I am saying this in
private, period, I am in confidence you do not
have to put the problem is who may have
leaked it and how they leaked it
okay the account excuses itself the person who
carries that account excuses themselves that they were
hacked okay for me the issue that
they were hacked I am going to give you the
definitive argument that can always handle
almost anything in many conflicts okay
my argument is a dick
my argument is a dick Okay the account
was gossip as if to brag that she
had privileged information and what and and
there it reached gref's girlfriend okay And it
was the perfect excuse for
gref's girlfriend to get rid of yuna
okay And that is the truth okay and I
am telling you I completely
irrefutable
irrefutable That's the truth that's what
happened okay gref had no choice
but to expel Juna and that way
okay because they could have perfectly
set up a couple of IP they even
share an agency if they had said
listen to me juna has other projects We don't
want her we don't want to lose her But
well we have no choice she has to leave
this project because I don't know what Because I do
n't know how much and they could have come off
falsely well as is usually done No
but no no gref needed to humiliate her and
tell his public that juna had
done something very serious and very ugly and very
strong it's worth it enough to kick her out and not
want to spend time with her
why So that his girlfriend is
satisfied okay [ __ ] because then he
went to Mexico Okay and left his
girlfriend at the hotel and he started
dancing
sparkly and with some kind of So
let's call it perreo let's call it
perreo with a porn strip and a girl from
Olan then Of course well look at the
face of the relative When I say [ __ ]
with how much it cost me to stop
fasting  Okay so now this
guy comes to me it comes to me I'm here
with the shirt with the San shirt
uploading tiktok and here comes the
guy dancing with a trip porno
okay That's the real truth whoever
wants to believe me believe me and whoever doesn't believe me
fasts didn't tell me anything In fact,
gref behaved much worse with juna but
everything is not known he behaved much worse I
mean no no I don't know anything about yuna I have no
idea and look at that I am very nosy and I
would love to know but but
no but you who know it so ugly What a
good clip eh chat [ __ ] man Thank you so much
for passing it on you are the best guys
What a great clip of the chat if I have
a
chat I have a chat they are the best with
help nothing happened chat in fact I
often go to their live shows I
see them I see that it is going great for her and I am
happy for
her a little more the
truth completely lie
Lie
lie I love it man when
you precisely say that a topic has to
stay there and not give more
explanations how people make an effort to
look for more things  try hard to find
more things because you did it that
way
Because if you had taken it and
said what would have been normal
but no no you felt the
need Don't do it like that for whatever reason
okay how lucky you are there are
people who give you power That's how lucky you are
man there are people who give you
power and one thing is for a
Random from the chat to try hard but another thing is for
Pol tel and with Adri Contreras live to start
talking about the subject anyway it's like you
know what I want to tell you life no I
almost messed up my WhatsApp again Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh a a a a a a
Well I hope that one day everything will be known in
full because there are some little details out
there that are still unknown
ah Javi move the toto or put together the
mini 3:3 man I was going to comment something else
man
Ah I was going to comment something else how long have we
been it's 2 hours I have to go man I had
time man I wanted to comment
something else
man I wanted to comment something else but
but I'm going to leave it I have to leave it
here the  direct man I have to
leave it here because if not it's going to be
very late okay let's see
tomorrow I'll probably do a live stream in
the afternoon to announce this okay to
announce the live stream for at night okay
eh tomorrow surely in the afternoon I'll do
a live stream
to announce this to announce the
live stream for at
night tomorrow here I think there's going to be
real cinema cinema we're missing the
Princess SIM well let's see the
Princess SIM let's develop it a little more the
Princess SIM I was going to
develop it a lot
more
but but you have it on Twitter okay
tomorrow we're going to develop it Tomorrow it's
going to Tomorrow the ispero is going to move
Okay important okay important is that we've
already done 2 hours of live and there are already
quite a few extracts and apart from that I
want to go away for a while with my wife okay
eh Tomorrow the hornet's nest is going to stir
tomorrow there's going to be here at night I'm
going to try to make it happen okay well let's
see I've already arranged several
guests will come tomorrow Okay tomorrow I think
the hornet's nest is going to stir here and there's going to
be cinema Okay in the afternoon
probably
tomorrow I think I have the gym I think I'll
go out about  the 78 of the gym okay
and when I get out of the gym I wouldn't have to
do it before of
course buah look let's do something let's do
something tomorrow eh at
some point I'm going to do a live show
to give you some context of what
the live show is going to be about
okay
cinema cinema kid it's like we've been
rolling around for a long time with Pablo
okay but cinema kid cinema okay
eh tomorrow there might be a
hottie okay tomorrow there might be
a good soap opera okay with
more guests Okay several guests are going to be passing by here I'm
going to try to get
apart from those guests
one person to come
okay who is the protagonist of that
thing that's going to happen tomorrow Okay and
can
defend themselves okay
eh I don't know if he wants to show his face to that
person ok I don't know if he wants to show his face to
that person but he's going to be given the opportunity here
Okay The thing is that there's going to be a lot of
gossip Okay tomorrow there's going to be some
gossip that could be really good I think it
could be really good I hope not to
disappoint okay Because eh When I've
dealt with that gossip Okay when I've dealt with
that gossip when we've dealt  that
gossip here we have enjoyed a
lot Okay and it turns out that that step So
that gossip has escalated quite a bit
Okay That gossip has escalated quite
brutal brutal Okay so tomorrow
some very very very strong things are going to be put here
Okay Tomorrow
some very very strong things are going to be exposed here
Okay and I think it's going to be fun
I hope it doesn't disappoint us okay I hope it doesn't
disappoint us but I think it's going to be a lot of
fun okay I think it's going to be a lot of fun okay Then I think a lot of
people will echo it Okay but it's going to be a lot of
fun okay I don't know what time I'll
connect I'm going to connect here
live I'm going to connect here
live tomorrow to give some context
because of course I'm not going to give the context
directly when I arrive Okay then
me and to announce it also so that there are
more people waiting for the live and
in more people when we start the
live I'll confirm the time which will be
10 or 10:30 Okay and boom Okay so I
don't know what time I'll connect live
but hey moderators have you put
the group link there  from
Telegram the group link says don't
leave me hanging See you tomorrow I'll let you
know because you're going to get hung up See you
tomorrow for being
cool the WhatsApp group the
WhatsApp group Look over there tesa posted it
pin it pin it Please pin it please in
the chat so that everyone joins really
fast I'm
leaving okay I'm leaving okay tomorrow
on WhatsApp tomorrow on
WhatsApp well let's see let's see let's see let's see let's do
something let's do something let's do
something let's do something wait Wait wait magic magic of gossip okay hey hey hey now okay that couldn't be heard listen to me do you want to know what's on tomorrow seriously man of course you want to
know no You don't prefer The magic of
waiting until tomorrow eh It's not worth it let's see but
but I want to know it myself I mean the rest of
the people
make it clear of course but I'm going to tell you but so that so that you
react but do
n't say what it is okay okay there are
several people
okay I'll tell you the first
[Laughter]
okay What do you think I didn't imagine they were
going for  there the shots I imagined that were
going in that direction Yeah okay And what do you
think no well let's see he seems like a
character worthy of having a chat we have to
have that talk totally okay And
also
[ __ ] But this is confirmed that is confirmed
up to there it is
confirmed guys what's coming
tomorrow up to there it's
confirmed because it turns out he's a
friend of Paco okay let's see I sensed it I
sensed it from several things that have been seen
these days Yeah yeah yeah wow it's last eh And there's going to be Of course of course
but the thing is that the
protagonist or the protagonist
could also come that I already doubt that the
truth is I doubt it very much Let's see I don't think so I don't think he'll
get in I don't think he'll get in here he does
n't have a special affection for you from what
I understand Well but I don't think he'll get
in here
but let's see if I were that person I
would come I would come in to give my
version and face the truth
I'm here Yeah
sure Well a lot of things can happen here you
know How is the salsera or there have
been there have been times that
someone has come in telling us a version
everyone has said Hala Hala Hala
has come in  the other side has presented
their version and they have already made us
doubt So of
course if I were a person I would
enter Let's try Let's
try that I see it as more difficult
but well Let's try but well
even if the
main character isn't there Wow with
tomorrow's cast eh cloth it's cinema it's cinema
Likewise totally cinema too man
Yes yes man yeah if the
main character appears then everything explodes Of course yes no no Yeah yeah
the main character would already
be epic But but simply with what's there
already grab the pair onitas that we're
going to have a laugh Not me but
for sure let's try Hey
a kiss beautiful a
kiss tomorrow okay the TV group the
Telegram group the WhatsApp group they've
put it there okay tesa
check it out tesa
eh and I'm going to notify in the WhatsApp group
okay I'm going to notify in the WhatsApp group
because that's where
the notifications come in best Look it's there I don't
know why no no no you can't pin it but I'm
going to try to pin it
but really quickly eh get in  Yeah, yeah, yeah,
in the WhatsApp group, okay, let's
see, okay, I've pinned it in
the chat there. Okay, I've pinned it
in the chat there. Okay, come in, come in
because yes, the live show is okay, come in. Yeah,
okay. Hey,
in the WhatsApp group I'll say, Hey, I'm
starting live at the salsera, come in, okay,
and you come in and I'll make a little
connection to put you in context of what's
coming up. Okay, good night guys.
Thank you so much for joining me. I
hope you enjoyed
the live show. A huge kiss and goodbye, goodbye
handsome, goodbye. Come in the
WhatsApp group, okay, a kiss, goodbye.